---
type: post
layout: post
title: General Assembly - User Experience Design - Week 03
description: Week 3 roundup of User Experience Design course at General Assembly, London.
categories : [writing]
published: false
---

## Session 05 - Synthesising User Research & Generating Personas

### Objectives

1. Use our research findings to create an affinity map to analyse findings and trends
2. Discover the advantages of using personas and introduce the Jobs To Be Done framework
3. Create our own personas based on our research that reflect our target audience

### Class Slides

#### Sythesising The Data

* It’s a messy business
* Ask why to dig further and really understand your users

#### Comunicating Your Findings

##### In-house (lightweight methods)

* Photos
* Quotes
* Bulleted lists
* Compliation video clips
* Key takeaways/opportunities

##### External (robust reports)

* The methodology used
* Photos of artifacts used
* Study goals
* Quotes
* Supporting details
* Major takeaways and more detailed opportunities

The objective is to keep people on the same page regardless of who they are. Investigate which deliverable would be most affective and customise the reporting to that. Understanding your in-house teams and clients will give you advantage

#### Affinity Maps

##### Rules

1. Each addition to the map must be either:
  * An observation
  * A quote
  * A behaviour
2. Additions can not include solutions - this would be an assumption and premature to discovering what their needs are

##### Post-it Note Etiquette

* Write in pen e.g. Sharpie - this makes for easier reading and prevents too much detail being added to one Post-it
* One observsation per Post-it - you will only want to split the content during the exercise
* Write clearly e.g. in all-caps - so everyone can read what you’ve written
* Colour code participant data - this makes it easier for pattern recognition at a glance

#### Personas

##### Why Create A Persona?

* As a designer it’s imperative to know who you’re designing for
* They are sharable and actionable
* Once invested in a persona teams can start to empathise with and champion them
* They help you focus

##### Focus on what?

* Personas keeps everone focused on the users that actually use the product or service
* Prevent you from designing for yourself and applying personal preference and instead design for your target audience
* Assist with shared understanding, particularly with stakeholders who think their customers might one way when in reality they are another

##### Assuring Quality Personas

* Adding context for a richer persona
  * What they would do?
  * Why they would do it?
  * Where are they when they do it?
  * What are they using to do it?
* A persona should reflect the overall research findings and be specific
* People won’t be able to empathise with a vague persona, not will they take them seriously

### Class Exercises

In groups of 3-6 we collated our research findings from the previous session and ran an affinity mapping exercise and afterward discussed our experience as a group.

With our affinity map complete, we user our findings to create a proto-persona.

* Bio and demographic
* Stories, scenarios and frustrations
* Behaviours and habits
* Needs, problems and goals

After discussing what we had created with our partners we had a group discussion and review.

### Homework

1. Define out primary and secondary personas for our final project

## Related Links

* [Text](url){:target="_blank"}
* [Text](url){:target="_blank"}
* [Text](url){:target="_blank"}
* [Text](url){:target="_blank"}
* [Text](url){:target="_blank"}

---

## Session 06 - Title

### Objectives

1. 

### Class Slides

xxx

### Class Exercise

xxx

### Homework

1. 

## Related Links

* [Text](url){:target="_blank"}
* [Text](url){:target="_blank"}
* [Text](url){:target="_blank"}
* [Text](url){:target="_blank"}
* [Text](url){:target="_blank"}

---
