---
title: How to setup Plex and OpenMediaVault using Samba on 2 Raspberry Pis
posse: .
category: writing
tags: [raspberry-pi, openmediavault]
published: false
---

Prerequisites for this guide:

* Install Plex on a Raspberry Pi
* Install OpenMediaVault on a Raspberry Pi

I’m a big fan of [Plex](https://www.plex.tv/). It subscribes to my guiding principle of owning my own content and offers a robust framework for accessing on my home network and also remotely.

I had it running on an old Mac Mini for a while but when that hardware bit the dust I was curious as to whether it could run on a Raspberry Pi. It turns out it can and does a really good job at it too.

Running Plex on a Pi has a few advantages.

* Physically smaller
* Lower power consumption
* Can be run headlessly over SSH
* Open source software FTW!
* There is a specific Linux build of Plex

More recently I have been interested in investigating a NAS and a newly bought 4GB Pi 4 offer an opportunity to leverage the beefier hardware to run both.

I quick web search offered [OpenMediaVault](https://www.openmediavault.org/) as a reliable network attached storage (NAS) solution. It also appeared to have a Plex plugin that could make my life easier.

OpenMediaVault ticked all the boxes but the Plex plugin was less reliable. I decided it would be easier to run Plex from a Pi 4 and OpenMediaVault from the a Pi 3b+, splitting the load and setup across 2 machines.

Steps

* Create a user in OpenMediaVault for Plex to access your files
* Create the mount folders on the Plex Pi
* Edit the fstab to include the command for mounting the Samba directory

List mounted drives `diskutil list`

`nano fstab`

Location for fstab ~/etc

`//192.168.1.225/Media /mnt/samba/Media cifs username=rasplex,password=r4$pl3xm3d1@53rv3R 0 0`

sudo mount -a
