---
title: "Weeknotes 2022 #1"
posse: "Weeknotes #1 – Brave new start"
category: writing
tags: [weeknotes]
published: true
type: post
---

Okay here goes nothing.

I’m seeing a lot of people start the new year with writing weeknotes so I thought it might be fun to follow suit.

I started my first week back at Clearleft HQ by helping the amazing [Helen Davies](https://clearleft.com/about/team/helen-davies) wrap up her first project as lead product manager. Kudos to Helen for weathering the storm when Covid took me out the project at short notice. Also a massive thank you to [Praise](https://medium.com/praizux/) for stepping in to run the research. We signed off with a very happy client. A great start to the working week!

There’s a few new faces at Clearleft too. We welcomed Chris, Carly and Frances to the team this week and have a few more arriving in the coming weeks. Exciting times.

What would the new year be without making a few resolutions. Weeknotes aside, I’ve been setting up some workflows in [Roam Research](https://roamresearch.com/) to try and build some better habits. I’ve got a daily punchcard that I run each morning, it has a few prompts to help me track what’s going on in my world, for example, a mood and energy check-in/check-out, a daily retro for reflecting on my day. Another workflow is the randomised topics focus that helps me discover more things that I’m interested in. I have a button that picks a random bookmark to read, cognitive bias, research method or design principle to research. This gives helps me make the most of any free time I would otherwise procrastinate away.

I’ve also been using a Pomodoro style timeboxing workflow that helps me track the time spent on activities, my focus and lets me record any distractions. It’s based on Juan Jose Fernandez’s excellent [Work Cycle](https://twitter.com/z9sx7wox/status/1430938006375043072).

On the topic of time, a finally got around to reading Chris How’s article about making the most of your time. His [Time Well Spent Canvas](https://clearleft.com/posts/beat-the-clock-with-time-well-spent) is really interesting and something I’m going to try out in an upcoming project.

I wrapped up the week by getting my booster jab and finding some time to work on some personal projects at home. I finally made a start on my coffee pot cold smoker.

Start as you mean to go on.
